Move data creation for `estimate_truncation()` to `data_raw` (#584)
epiforecasts/EpiNow2: NEWS.md

* Added input checking to `estimate_infections()`, `estimate_secondary()`, `estimate_truncation()`, `simulate_infections()`, and `epinow()`. `check_reports_valid()` has been added to validate the reports dataset passed to these functions. Tests are added to check `check_reports_valid()`. As part of input validation, the various `*_opts()` functions now return subclasses of the same name as the functions and are tested against passed arguments to ensure the right `*_opts()` is passed to the right argument. For example, the `obs` argument in `estimate_secondary()` is expected to only receive arguments passed through `obs_opts()` and will error otherwise. By @jamesmbaazam in #476 and reviewed by @sbfnk and @seabbs.
* Added the possibility of specifying a fixed observation scaling. By @sbfnk in #550 and reviewed by @seabbs.
* Added the possibility of specifying fixed overdispersion. By @sbfnk in #560 and reviewed by @seabbs.

> * The example in `estimate_truncation()` has been simplified. The package now ships with a dataset `example_truncation_data`, which is used in the `estimate_truncation()` example. The steps for creating the truncated data is now stored in `./data-raw/estimate-truncation.R`. By @jamesmbaazam in #584 and reviewed by @<REVIEWER>.

Author: ```suggestion
* The example in `estimate_truncation()` has been simplified. The package now ships with a dataset `example_truncation_data`, which is used in the `estimate_truncation()` example. The steps for creating the truncated data is now stored in `./data-raw/estimate-truncation.R`. By @jamesmbaazam in #584 and reviewed by @seabbs and @sbfnk.
```

> * The example in `estimate_truncation()` has been simplified. The package now ships with a dataset `example_truncation_data`, which is used in the `estimate_truncation()` example. The steps for creating the truncated data is now stored in `./data-raw/estimate-truncation.R`. By @jamesmbaazam in #584 and reviewed by @seabbs and @sbfnk.

Author: ```suggestion
* The example in `estimate_truncation()` has been simplified. The package now ships with a dataset `example_truncated`, which is used in the `estimate_truncation()` example and tests. The steps for creating the `example_truncated` is stored in `./data-raw/estimate-truncation.R`. By @jamesmbaazam in #584 and reviewed by @seabbs and @sbfnk.
```
